cream soda this is an old-fashioned
cocktail shaker used by Tom Cruise
himself this little recipe I got frog
when I was working a 15 a couple of the
boys there one in particular
Gavin made a fantastic cream soda for me
when I was in service so this is a
little tribute to him since I've got a
couple of boys from the old restaurant
we're gonna knock out this is just bit
of gum yeah no gum gum put in about 100
mil in there so it's basically sugar and
water okay it's just like a stock syrup
almost you can flavor it up if you want
a little bit of ginger in there a bit of
vanilla wherever you like
then we've got a bit of double cream
it's where the old cream soda comes from
here look about a hundred mil of that as
well then a bit of lemon juice put one
lemon in there don't worry too much
about the old pips cuz you'll lose that
when you strain it out then you just
give it a good old shake right this is
the exciting bit now actually popper Ice
Cube or two this is where it gets sexual
bit of that in there lovely about
quarter of it so Dewar
this is dangerous because it looks still
yeah as soon as open this wash holder
told you that that's it that was the
exciting bit and you pop it in ER be
careful when you put it in because it
will come up with it lively look at that
let's give a little stir up that's a
lovely look at that frothy past
delicious myself sure in there you have
to use a straw by the way otherwise you
won't get with the cream right it takes
me back that's delicious
I should go make another ten more
you